[WIP]Server/transfer-content (#3535)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/aws-prereq.adoc

= Installation Prerequisites
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

> We use Terraform to automate parts of the infrastructure for your CircleCI Server install, so you will need to install this first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CircleCI uses Terraform to automate parts of the infrastructure for your CircleCI Server install, so you will need to install this first:
```
